ConnectCICTM Transaction Workflow Engine (TWE)

         Install & Configuration Checklist for Illinois (LEADS)

# Task                                                                        Status

1. ConnectCIC Software Configuration Requirements. This install-

specific information must be obtained by the site from the Illinois CJIS

organization (LEADS) and is necessary to configure ConnectCIC's

connectivity to the LEADS message switch. This following information

is configured in the "State Settings" section of ConnectCICConfig.exe

Tool:

 IP Address and Port Number. This is the IP Address or

        Hostname and Port for the site to connect to the message

        switch and is inputted in the State Host Address and State Port

        fields.

 Connection Name. This name defines the specific connection

        to LEADS 2000 and is provided to a site by LEADS. The name

        is used by LEADS to identify the connection and must be

        identical on both ends of the connection so the site must use

        what LEADS requires. This name should be configured in the

        ConnectionName field found in the "Other State Settings" drop

        down list.

 CDC Name. This is a value assigned by the State for an

        agency. If only one agency is using LEADS through this site,

        this CDCName can be configured in the CDCName field found

        in the "Other State Settings" drop down list. If more than one

        agency is using this LEADS connection, this field (maximum 11

        characters) must be provided by the vendor (either sent in the

        <Authentication>/<CDCName> or configured in the device alias

        table). ConnectCIC must have this information to include in

        each message transaction sent to LEADS.

2. Vendor Interface Requirements. The following are the LEADS
       required fields that a vendor must submit to ConnectCIC TWE in every
       API request transaction:
             Mnemonic ­ The application assigned mnemonic for a device
                should be placed in the <Authentication>/<Mnemonic> field in
                the ConnectCIC header. ConnectCic for this interface has a
                maximum limit of 6 characters.
             ORI ­ The LEADS-provided ORI for a device (or for the site)
                should be placed in the <Authentication>/<ORI> field in the
                ConnectCIC header.
             User Name ­ The application assigned User Name should be
                placed in the <Authentication>/<UserName> field in the

                     Copyright 2022 CommSys Incorporated
                ConnectCIC header, maximum 12 characters.
3. Security Requirements. LEADS requires vendor's employees who

       will be exposed to CJIS data to be fingerprinted for background checks
       at a sponsor site (i.e. first site in state). CommSys has already been
       fingerprinted for Illinois.
4. Certification Requirements. LEADS currently does not require
       vendors to certify their interface prior to installing at a site.
5. Logon Requirements. LEADS currently does not require vendors to
       support logon transactions.

                                                                  Copyright 2022 CommSys Incorporated
